<!--
  
  Well, well, well. A prospective employer who views-source on my résumé? That’s an amusing oddity, to say
  the least. Even if you’re not planning to hire me, I’d appreciate it if you’d drop me an e-mail:
  <me@ell.io> — at the very least, I’d like to chat with a recruiter that conscious of semanticity and style!
  
  Oh, yeah, also: I hope you enjoy my code! <span class="smiley">;)</span>
  
-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>elliottcable’s résumé</title>
    <link rel="copyright" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/" type="text/html;charset=utf-8"/>
    
    <link rel="stylesheet"
      href="http://resources.yreality.net/Design/960/reset.css"
      type="text/css;charset=utf-8"/>
    <style>
      <![CDATA[
        @import url('http://resources.yreality.net/Design/Typography/Typography.css') screen, print;
        
        /* ========
        = General =
        =========*/
        
        body { font: 300 14pt/1.55 Helvetica, sans-serif; text-rendering: optimizeLegibility; }
        
        /* ### Inline textual elements */
        
        /* This is horribly broken. I can’t make `rgba()`s inside `a:visited` and `a` work properly in WebKit!
           Hence, I’m using a screencap’d, hardcoded, colour… instead of the appropriate colour with an alpha. */
        a {
          padding: 0.1em 0.25em 0.1em 0.25em;
          margin: 0px -0.25em 0px -0.25em;
          
          border: 0px solid rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.15);
          border-width: 0.15em 0px;
          -webkit-border-radius: 3px;
             -moz-border-radius: 3px;
                  border-radius: 3px;
          
          text-decoration: none;
          color: inherit;
        }
        a:hover { border-color: #000000; background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.75); color: #C0B2FF; }
        
        em { font-style: normal; }
        *:not(em) > em {
          padding: 0.1em 0.25em 0.1em 0.25em;
          margin: 0px -0.25em 0px -0.25em;
          
          -webkit-border-radius: 3px;
             -moz-border-radius: 3px;
                  border-radius: 3px;
          
          background-color: rgba(255, 255, 0, 0.25);
        }
        em em { font-weight: 600; }
        strong { font-weight: 900; }
        
        /* ### Structural elements */
        
        body > div:not(:first-of-type) {
          margin-top: 50em;
        }
        
        body > div:not(:first-of-type) > section:first-child {
          border-top: 0.666em solid rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.666);
        }
        
        section {
          padding: 1.25em 2.5em;
          margin: 1.5em -2.5em;
          
          background-color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.5);
        }
        
        section > p:not(:last-child) {
          margin-bottom: 1em;
        }
        
        h1 { font-size: 350%; margin: 0.75em 0px 0.1em 0px; }
        h2 { font-size: 175%; margin: 0.75em 0px 0.1em 0px; }
        h3 { font-size: 125%; margin: 0.75em 0px 0.1em 0px; }
        
        /* =========
        = Specific =
        ==========*/
        
        html { height: 100%; background: #E0E0E0; }
        body {
          width: 35em;
          margin: auto;
          
          /* These paddings are matched to those on list items and headers. See `li` and `h2`. */
          padding: 0em 0.917em;
       /* margin: 0em -0.917em; */
          
          border-left: 0.666em solid rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05);
          -webkit-border-top-left-radius: 7.50em;
          -moz-border-radius-topleft: 7.50em;
        }
        
        /* ### Page’s primary title */
        #title {
          display: table !important;
          margin: 2.5em 0px;
          margin-right: -8em;
        }
        #title > * {
          display: table-cell !important;
          vertical-align: middle !important;
          
          line-height: 1.0;
        }
        #title > #subtitle { opacity: 0.5; }
        #title > #subtitle:before { content: " — "; }
        #title > #subtitle > .extraordinaire { font-family: "Georgia", serif; font-style: italic; }
        
        /* ### Section headers */
        section > header:first-child > :first-child { margin-top: 0px; }
        section > header {
          padding: 0em 0.917em;
          margin: 0em -1.583em;
          
          border-left: 0.666em solid rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.75);
        }
        
        /* ### Next jumps */
        a.next {
          display: inline-block;
          
          background: none;
          border: none;
          
          color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.333);
          line-height: 1.0;
        }
        a.next:hover { color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.9); }
        
        body > a.next {
          float: left;
          display: block;
          margin: 0px;
          margin-left: -0.920em;
          
          font-size: 350%;
        }
        
        /* ### List focus */
        nav#focus {
          padding: 0.25em 2.5em;
          margin: 0.25em -2.5em;
          
          background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.666);
          color: white;
          text-align: center;
        }
        nav#focus > * { font-size: 75%; line-height: 1.3; }
        
        nav#focus > *:before { content: "Focus on "; }
        nav#focus > ul, nav#focus > ul li { display: inline; }
        nav#focus > ul li:not(:nth-last-child(1)):not(:nth-last-child(2)):after { content: ","; }
        
        nav#focus > ul li:nth-last-child(2):before { content: "or "; }
        nav#focus > ul li:nth-last-child(1):before { content: "/ "; }
        
        aside#topics {
          float: right;
          width: 7em;
          padding: 0.5em;
          margin: 1em;
          margin-right: -8em;
          
          background: #E0E0E0;
          
          border-left: 0.333em solid rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05);
          
          text-align: left;
        }
        aside#topics > * { font-size: 75%; }
        
        aside#topics li strong:after            { content: ","; }
        aside#topics li strong:last-child:after { content: ""; }
        aside#topics li strong { opacity: 0.5; }
        aside#topics li strong, section > ul li > span strong {
          padding: 0.1em 0.2em 0.1em 0.2em;
          margin: 0px -0.2em 0px -0.2em;
          
          border: 1px solid rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);
          -webkit-border-radius: 3px;
             -moz-border-radius: 3px;
                  border-radius: 3px;
        }
        
        /* ### Lists */
        section > ul:not(:first-child) { margin-top: 1.5em; }
        section > ul:not(:last-child)  { margin-bottom: 1.5em; }
        
        section > ul li {
          padding: 0px 2.542em;
          margin: 0.5em -1.375em;
          
          border-left: 0.25em solid rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.125);
        }
        section > ul li > span { display: block; }
        
        section > ul li.irrelevant { display: none; }
        section > ul:empty { display: block; }
        
        section > ul li.mastery     > span:before { content: "Mastery of "; }
        section > ul li.familiarity > span:before { content: "Familiarity with "; }
        section > ul li.competency  > span:before { content: "Competency with "; }
        
        section > ul li > p {
          padding-left: 1em;
          font-size: 75%;
        }
      ]]>
    </style>
    <script type="text/javascript">
      <![CDATA[
        if(typeof xmlNS === 'undefined') {
          var xmlNS = document.lastChild.namespaceURI };
        if(typeof _gaq === 'undefined') { _gaq = new(Array) };
        
        _gaq.push(['_setAccount', "UA-5294724-1"]);
        _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
        
        (function() {
          var ga = document.createElementNS(xmlNS, 'script');
          ga.type = "text/javascript"; ga.async = true;
          ga.src = "http://www.google-analytics.com/ga.js";
          
          document.getElementsByTagNameNS(xmlNS, 'head')[0].appendChild(ga);
        })();
      ]]>
    </script>
    <script type="text/javascript">
      <![CDATA[
        /*
         * classList.js: Implements a cross-browser element.classList getter.
         * 2010-2-14
         *
         * By Eli Grey, http://eligrey.com
         * Public Domain.
         * NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
         */
        "use strict";
        if (typeof Element !== "undefined") {
        (function () {
        var classListProp = "classList";
        if (!Element.prototype.hasOwnProperty(classListProp)) {
            var trim = /^\s+|\s+$/g,
            setClasses = function (elem, classes) {
                elem.className = classes.join(" ");
            },
            checkAndGetIndex = function (classes, token) {
                if (token === "") {
                    throw "SYNTAX_ERR";
                }
                if (/\s/.test(token)) {
                    throw "INVALID_CHARACTER_ERR";
                }

                return classes.indexOf(token);
            },
            classListGetter = function () {
                var elem = this,
                classes  = elem.className.replace(trim, "").split(/\s+/);
                return {
                    length: classes.length,
                    item: function (i) {
                        return classes[i] || null;
                    },
                    contains: function (token) {
                        return checkAndGetIndex(classes, token) !== -1;
                    },
                    add: function (token) {
                        if (checkAndGetIndex(classes, token) === -1) {
                            classes.push(token);
                            this.length = classes.length;
                            setClasses(elem, classes);
                        }
                    },
                    remove: function (token) {
                        var index = checkAndGetIndex(classes, token);
                        if (index !== -1) {
                            classes.splice(index, 1);
                            this.length = classes.length;
                            setClasses(elem, classes);
                        }
                    },
                    toggle: function (token) {
                        if (checkAndGetIndex(classes, token) === -1) {
                            this.add(token);
                        } else {
                            this.remove(token);
                        }
                    },
                    toString: function () {
                        return elem.className;
                    }
                };
            };

            if (Object.defineProperty) {
                Object.defineProperty(Element.prototype, classListProp, { get: classListGetter, enumerable: true });
            } else if (Object.prototype.__defineGetter__) {
                Element.prototype.__defineGetter__(classListProp, classListGetter);
            }
        }
        }());
        }
      ]]>
    </script>
    <script type="text/javascript">
      <![CDATA[
        focusTopic = function (kind) {
          var topics = document.querySelector("#topics"),
                list =   topics.querySelector("ul"),
             newList = document.importNode(list, false)
          
          Array.prototype.forEach.call(document.querySelectorAll("section > ul li."+kind),
            function (element) {
              var elementCopy = document.importNode(element.querySelector("span strong"), true),
                     listItem = document.createElementNS(document.documentElement.getAttribute("xmlns"), "li")
              
              element.classList.remove("irrelevant")
              
               newList.appendChild(listItem)
              listItem.appendChild(elementCopy)
            })
          
          topics.removeChild(list)
          topics.appendChild(newList)
          
          Array.prototype.forEach.call(document.querySelectorAll("section > ul li:not(."+kind+")"),
            function (element) { element.classList.add("irrelevant") })
        }
      ]]>
    </script>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header id="title">
      <h1>Elliott Cable</h1>
      <div id="subtitle">librarian, architect, <span class="extraordinaire">sourcerer <strong>extraordinaire</strong>!</span></div>
    </header>
    <div id="objective">
      <section>
        <p>
          Elliott is interested in providing the connective glue necessary within every team. His wide areas of
          interest imply that he can “speak the language” of many and varied technical fields. He'll be useful
          anywhere there are <em>new things to be created</em>. <span class="smiley">:)</span>
        </p>
        <p>Click the <a class="next" href="#skills">↓</a> to begin!</p>
      </section>
    </div><a class="next" href="#skills">↓</a>
    <div id="skills">
      <section>
        <header><h2>What I’ll Bring to Your Team</h2></header>
        <p>
          I’m familiar with <em><em>quite</em> a lot</em> of tools, programming languages, systems, and frameworks.
          To be honest, I’m a little obsessive about learning new things; so I’ve done my best to keep this section
          as short and relevant as possible. That is, however, a lofty goal, given how much I
          know… so please, keep an open mind! <span class="smiley">;)</span>
        </p>
      </section>
      <nav id="focus"><ul>
        <li><a href="" onclick="focusTopic('design'); return false;">design</a></li>
        <li><a href="" onclick="focusTopic('systems'); return false;">systems architecture</a></li>
        <li><a href="" onclick="focusTopic('admin'); return false;">administration</a></li>
        <li><a href="" onclick="focusTopic('desktop'); return false;">desktop</a></li>
        <li><a href="" onclick="focusTopic('web'); return false;">web development</a></li>
      </ul></nav>
      <section class="systems web admin desktop">
        <aside id="topics"><ul></ul></aside>
        <p>
          When all is said and done, I’m primarily a developer: I love to <em>create things</em>, write tools and
          applications that change how people interact with their computers and eachother; if it ticks, I want to
          know why, and then make it tick better.
        </p>
        <ul>
          <li class="systems web mastery"><span><strong>API design</strong> and abstractive programming techniques</span>
            <p>
              I’ve written <a href="http://github.com/elliottcable/repositories">hundreds of distinct libraries</a>
              in more languages than I can count. I tend to abstract everything into portable libraries; it
              enables code reuse (upon which I heavily depend for my productivity.)
            </p>
          </li>
          <li class="systems web desktop mastery"><span><strong><abbr title="behaviour-driven development">BDD</abbr></strong> techniques</span></li>
          <li class="systems web admin mastery"><span><strong><a href="http://www.ruby-lang.org/en" title="Ruby Programming Language">Ruby</a></strong></span></li>
          <li class="web competency"><span><strong><a href="http://rubyonrails.org/" title="Ruby on Rails">Ruby on Rails</a></strong> and other Ruby web frameworks</span></li>
          <li class="systems admin mastery"><span>plain <strong>C</strong></span></li>
          <li class="systems admin competency"><span><strong>C++</strong></span></li>
          <li class="systems web design mastery"><span><strong>JavaScript</strong></span></li>
          <li class="systems web familiarity"><span><strong><a href="http://nodejs.org/" title="node.js">node.js</a></strong></span>
            <p>
              I’ve <a href="http://github.com/ry/node/commit/52f088b">been in on</a> the node.js party since the
              very beginning. The moment I started digging into it, I knew it, and things like it, was the future
              of web development. Asynchronicity is where it’s at! <span class="smiley">:D</span>
            </p>
          </li>
          <li class="systems web admin mastery"><span><strong><a href="http://git-scm.com/" title="Git - Fast Version Control System">git</a></strong>, granular commit strategies, branch-driven development</span></li>
          <li class="systems web admin familiarity"><span><strong><a href="http://subversion.tigris.org/" title="subversion.tigris.org">Subversion</a></strong></span></li>
          <li class="web admin competency"><span>traditional <a href="http://www.postgresql.org/" title="PostgreSQL: The world's most advanced open source database">relational <strong>databases</strong></a></span></li>
          <li class="web admin familiarity"><span>exotic backend technologies (such as <strong><a href="http://code.google.com/p/redis/" title="redis - Project Hosting on Google Code">Redis</a></strong>)</span>
            <p>
              Redis is another technology that quickly caught my eye. I expect to find many wonderful uses for
              this tool in quite a diverse array of projects; I find it plays especially well with Node.js.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li class="systems admin desktop mastery"><span><strong>Objective-C</strong></span></li>
          <li class="desktop familiarity"><span><strong><a href="http://developer.apple.com/cocoa/" title="Cocoa">Cocoa</a></strong> and Xcode</span></li>
          <li class="systems admin desktop mastery"><span><strong><a href="http://www.apple.com/macosx/technology/" title="Apple - Mac OS X - New technologies in Snow Leopard">Mac OS X</a></strong> and its BSD subsystems</span>
            <p>
              I’ve been using OS X and Apple’s hardware for half a decade, and I’ve always had a <em>hacker’s
              spirit</em>. There’s really not a lot that I don’t know about them, anymore.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li class="systems admin desktop mastery"><span>Linux systems (primarily <strong><a href="http://archlinux.org/" title="Arch Linux">Arch Linux</a></strong>, <a href="http://www.centos.org/" title="www.centos.org - The Community ENTerprise Operating System">CentOS</a>) and UNIX philosophies</span>
            <p>
              While I’m an OS X devotee, a properly tuned and maintained Linux system can easily be just as
              beautiful. I love to create and maintain such systems.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li class="web admin mastery"><span><strong><a href="http://aws.amazon.com/ec2/" title="Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)">Amazon EC2</a></strong>’s APIs</span>
            <p>
              Cloud computing (all silly buzz aside) <em>really is the future</em>; and Amazon was, essentially,
              there first (at least, on that sort of large scale.) I’ve been using them since 2007, and tend to
              work ephemeral cloud-based instances into aspects of many of my tasks and projects.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li class="admin mastery"><span><strong>sysadmin tools</strong> (SSH, vim, top, sed/AWK)</span></li>
          <li class="systems admin familiarity"><span><strong>shell scripting</strong> techniques (<a href="http://www.zsh.org/" title="Zsh">zsh</a>, bash)</span></li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section class="design">
        <p>
          While I may be primarily a programmer, I have a taste for clean, minimalist design.
          There’s a reason I use <a href="http://apple.com/macbookpro" title="Apple - MacBook Pro">Apple’s computers</a>
          and software, despite my comprehensive knowledge of more ‘true’ UNIX systems. My design skills will
          bring a touch of elegance to your development project that may otherwise be lacking; a feel for
          <em>putting the <em>user’s experience</em> first</em> (whether that ‘user’ be a visitor to your
          website, or a developer applying your APIs to some task.)
        </p>
        <ul>
          <li class="web design mastery"><span><strong><a href="http://diveintohtml5.org/" title="Dive Into HTML 5">HTML5</a></strong> and associated technologies</span></li>
          <li class="web design mastery"><span><strong><a href="http://www.w3.org/TR/html5/the-xhtml-syntax.html" title="9 The XHTML syntax &#8212; HTML5">XHTML5</a></strong> with <strong>SVG</strong></span>
            <p>
              Yes, I realize that ‘XHTML5’ is simply HTML5 serialized as XML. I feel that the distinction is,
              however, fairly important. I believe nesting SVG and XHTML offers some of the most interesting
              design solutions we’ve seen in the last decade.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li class="design mastery"><span><strong><a href="http://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/current-work" title="CSS: Current Work">CSS3</a></strong></span></li>
          <li class="web design familiarity"><span>the <strong><a href="http://haml-lang.com/" title="#haml">HAML</a></strong> dynamic-markup system</span></li>
          <li class="design mastery"><span>the <strong><a href="http://lesscss.org/" title="LESS - Leaner CSS">LESS</a></strong> and <strong><a href="http://sass-lang.com/" title="Sass - Syntactically Awesome Stylesheets">SASS</a></strong> CSS pre-compilers</span></li>
          <li class="web design competency"><span><strong><a href="http://mootools.net/" title="MooTools - a compact javascript framework">MooTools</a></strong>, <strong><a href="http://jquery.com/" title="jQuery: The Write Less, Do More, JavaScript Library">jQuery</a></strong>, and other client-side JavaScript frameworks</span></li>
          <li class="web design familiarity"><span>modern dynamic-HTML techniques, the <strong>DOM</strong>, and “<strong>AJAX</strong>”</span></li>
          <li class="design mastery"><span><strong>minimalism</strong> and <strong>precision design</strong> theory</span></li>
          <li class="design"><span>Obsession with <strong>typography</strong> and <strong>negative space</strong></span>
            <p>
              I love beautiful type. I find it extremely gratifying to see a page that one’s eyes can just… drink
              in; a page begging to be absorbed. Honestly put, I believe typography to be the <em>single most
              important element</em> of any design; after all, ‘content is king,’ right?
            </p>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
    </div><a class="next" href="#history">↓</a>
    <div id="history">
      <section>
        <header><h2>Curriculum vitæ</h2></header>
        <p>
          While these aren’t exactly capable of fitting into either of the above categories, I feel they are
          relevant enough to merit inclusion. They give you an idea of <em>who I am</em>, which is critical to
          understanding whether or not I’m a match for your team.
        </p>
        <ul>
          <li>Born and raised in <strong>Anchorage, Alaska</strong></li>
          <li>Trained as a classical <strong>pianist</strong></li>
          <li>Attained rank of <strong>Eagle Scout</strong> in the Boy Scouts of America</li>
          <li>Retains a taste and talent for <strong>photography</strong></li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section>
        <header><h2>Employment</h2></header>
        <ul>
          <li>Self‐employed, <strong>Audio Video eXpress Workshops</strong>, 2002–2006</li>
          <li>Self‐employed, <strong>ecable</strong>, 2005–2010</li>
          <li>Entrepreneur, <strong><a href="http://yreality.net/" title="yreality?">yreality</a></strong>, 2003–present</li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section>
        <header><h2>Education</h2></header>
        <ul>
          <li><strong>University of Alaska, Anchorage</strong>, Spring 2007—Spring 2009</li>
          <li><strong>Montana State University</strong>, Fall 2006</li>
          <li><strong>Grace Christian High School</strong>, Fall 2001—Spring 2006</li>
        </ul>
      </section>
    </div><a class="next" href="#closing">↓</a>
    <div id="closing">
      <section>
        <p>
          So! You’ve read what I can do… why don’t you tell me what you want me to <em>make for you</em>?
          I’m available for contract work, while simultaneously interested in longer-term employment opportunities
          (if you’ve the room for a <em>little bit of extra <a
            href="http://search.twitter.com/search?q=from:elliottcable+%23awesome">#awesome</a></em>
          on your team!)
        </p>
        <p>You can e-mail me any time: <a href="mailto:me+resume@ell.io">me@ell.io</a></p>
      </section>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
